Last time on Let’s Learn English, Marsha and I invited friends to a dinner party but I shopped with the wrong list.
Guests are coming soon.
Marsha is worried but I have a plan.
Let’s see what it is.
I just need a couple of ingredients.
Marsha, please hand me the flour.
●●●
●●
●
Anna, where is the flour?
It's not in the cabinets.
I put the flour inside the refrigerator.
●●●
●●
●
Why?
It’s cold and dry in the refrigerator.
See, it says: “Put in a cold, dry place.”
Okay.
Now, Marsha, please hand me the eggs.
●●●
●●
●
Anna, where are the eggs?
The eggs are inside the cabinet under the sink.
●●●
●●
●
Why are the eggs in here?
On the farm, we always put the eggs there.
How else can the chickens see them?
Okay. You clean the living room.
I will make dinner.
●●●
●●
●
What are you going to make with these ingredients?
I have a plan.
●●●
●●
●
Okay, the apartment is clean.
The kitchen is not.
What are you cooking?
I made my favorite recipe: peanut-butter-banana pancakes!
●●●
●●
●
You made breakfast.
Yes! I call it let’s-eat-breakfast-for-dinner dinner!
●●●
●●
●
Anna!
Mmm! Hey, this tastes good!
Anna, you made it work!
That’s our guests!
●●●
●●
●
I’ll answer the door.
I'll finish here.
Like I said, sometimes Marsha worries too much.
When something goes wrong with your plan, just change the plan!
Till next time!